SERVER-1105 | Merge server and cloud runner docs (#5420)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/runner-server.md

---
layout: classic-docs

> title: Server launch-agent compatibility

Reviewer: Runner in Server Compatibility

> title: Server launch-agent compatibility
> short-title: Server launch-agent compatbilitiy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Runner in Server Compatibility
short-title: Runner in Server Compatibility
```

categories: [platforms]

> description: Launch-agent compatibility table for server

Reviewer 2: @stalmy @nathanfishcircleci Is this how we should word/market this? I'm a bit out of the loop on the proper messaging/wording, I know it was kind of a mess with Dynamic Config / Setup Workflows so I want to be careful here.

@sarahtejas

Reviewer 2: maybe I'm overreacting but it seems like a big change, renaming this to launch-agent. also, launch-agent as a feature name is not very intuitive. IMO from a newcomer of CircleCI etc this confuses me

Reviewer 3: I agree, @annabaker, maybe using "Runner" here instead of "launch-agent" makes it straightforward and clear to the customer.  We can push the Runner/launch-agent pieces into the installation page

Reviewer 3: What is the overall flow?  Will Server customers start with the Server section (independent of Runner), bounce to this page, and then... it feels as if we should give them the next step, in the form of a link to the Runner installation page.

Author: Sorry this wasn't completely clear: The flow is that _everyone_ starts on the "Installing Runner" page (note that it has been tagged with Cloud and Server 3.x now) and this page just holds the table of launch agents version compatibility. This is linked to from the general installation docs.

order: 31
version:
- Server v3.x
---

> NOTE: CircleCI Runner is not yet available on the current version of Server
> 3.x; however, it will be available for preview before the next release. Please
> [contact us](https://circleci.com/contact/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: CircleCI Runner is not yet available on the Server
3.0.x, however, it will be available for preview before the next release. Please
[contact us](https://circleci.com/contact/) for more information.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information on this page is relevant to intallations of CircleCI server v3.x and is supplementary to the <<runner-installation#,Runner Installation guide>>.
```

Each minor version of server is compatible with a specific version of

> `circleci-launch-agent`. The table below enumerates which version of `circleci-launch-agent` to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`circleci-launch-agent`. The table below lists which version of `circleci-launch-agent` to use when installing runner,
```
